# ECE444-F2023-Lab5
Test Case: <br>
I wrote the unit test for checking that a regular account can't post an event, and that a club owener account can post an event. The function is called test_club_user_post(client).<br>
This unit test can be found at: https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group19-webcrafters/blob/Unit-Tests-(Lab-5)/tests/betula_test.py#L37-L91 <br><br>
What are the pros and cons of TDD: <br>
There are many pros of TDD. Using TDD will ensure everyone is on the same page before implementation begins which can quicken the development process. It will also give a higher degree of confidence at the time of deployment, as the product is developed to pass test cases that are meant to reflect how the software would be used in the real world. Also, since the testing process is now integrated into the coding process, the testing aspect of development is no longer rushed and therefore better quality products are created. Implementing TDD forces you to automate the testing process and fits well with Agile Methodology. The iterative development also allows for constant progress and easy tracking, and it’s easy to reuse past tests and code. <br>
Although there are many pros for using TDD, there are some cons as well. For example, inadequately constructed tests can result in a suboptimal software application with unnecessary or erroneous code. Furthermore, this may result in a slower development procedure due to the creation of tests before the actual application. This can pose particular difficulties when working with intricate or unfamiliar codebases. Additionally, using a Test-Driven Development without following the best practices can lead to many common pitfalls. These include instances where developers neglect to regularly execute tests, create an excessive number of tests at once, compose overly extensive test cases, or write tests that are excessively trivial. 
